README.md, before:

# Password Generator
## Description

The purpose of this project was to create a working random password generator through the use of JavaScript. When loaded, the user should be met with a page containing a password generator. When the "Generate Password" button is clicked, the user will be met with various prompts asking the type of characters they would like to include in their password. Once all prompts have been answered, the user will have a random password generated inside the dotted box made up of all the characters they selected.

## Links

Depository Link: 

Deployed Website Link: 

## Usage

Once deployed, the application appears as the image attached below on a traditional desktop.

<img
src = ""
alt = "" />

## Credits

Collaborations of this project include the instructional staff, TAs, and fellow classmates in the Rice University Coding Bootcamp 2021 Cohort.

## Licenses

Copyright (c) [2021] [Osvaldo Zavaleta]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Readme updated: screenshot of webpage added

README.md, after:

# Password Generator
## Description

The purpose of this project was to create a working random password generator through the use of JavaScript. When loaded, the user should be met with a page containing a password generator. When the "Generate Password" button is clicked, the user will be met with various prompts asking the type of characters they would like to include in their password. Once all prompts have been answered, the user will have a random password generated inside the dotted box made up of all the characters they selected.

## Links

Depository Link: 

Deployed Website Link: 

## Usage

Once deployed, the application appears as the image attached below on a traditional desktop.

<img
src = "./Assets/passwordgenerator.png"
alt = " A screenshot of the Password Generator page is shown " />

## Credits

Collaborations of this project include the instructional staff, TAs, and fellow classmates in the Rice University Coding Bootcamp 2021 Cohort.

## Licenses

Copyright (c) [2021] [Osvaldo Zavaleta]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
